.TH "TODOPRO STATS" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro stats Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro\-stats \- Focus stats — today, week, month, …
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro stats
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Focus stats — today, week, month, …
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBshow-today\fP
  Show today's focus summary (default command).
  See \fBtodopro stats-show-today(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshow-today\fP command.
.PP
\fBtoday\fP
  Show today's focus summary (default command).
  See \fBtodopro stats-today(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtoday\fP command.
.PP
\fBweek\fP
  Show weekly focus report (last 7 days).
  See \fBtodopro stats-week(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBweek\fP command.
.PP
\fBmonth\fP
  Show monthly overview.
  See \fBtodopro stats-month(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBmonth\fP command.
.PP
\fBstreak\fP
  Show focus streak information.
  See \fBtodopro stats-streak(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstreak\fP command.
.PP
\fBscore\fP
  Show productivity score.
  See \fBtodopro stats-score(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBscore\fP command.
.PP
\fBproject\fP
  Show statistics for a specific project.
  See \fBtodopro stats-project(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBproject\fP command.
.PP
\fBheatmap\fP
  Show time-of-day focus heatmap.
  See \fBtodopro stats-heatmap(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBheatmap\fP command.
.PP
\fBexport\fP
  Export focus session data.
  See \fBtodopro stats-export(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBexport\fP command.
.PP
\fBquality\fP
  Show focus quality metrics.
  See \fBtodopro stats-quality(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBquality\fP command.
