.TH "TODOPRO PROJECT" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro project Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro\-project \- Project operations — list, create, …
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro project
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Project operations — list, create, …
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List projects.
  See \fBtodopro project-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBget\fP
  Get project details.
  See \fBtodopro project-get(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBget\fP command.
.PP
\fBcreate\fP
  Create a new project.
  See \fBtodopro project-create(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcreate\fP command.
.PP
\fBupdate\fP
  Update a project.
  See \fBtodopro project-update(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBupdate\fP command.
.PP
\fBdelete\fP
  Delete a project.
  See \fBtodopro project-delete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete\fP command.
.PP
\fBarchive\fP
  Archive a project.
  See \fBtodopro project-archive(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBarchive\fP command.
.PP
\fBunarchive\fP
  Unarchive a project.
  See \fBtodopro project-unarchive(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBunarchive\fP command.
.PP
\fBdescribe\fP
  Describe a project in detail.
  See \fBtodopro project-describe(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdescribe\fP command.
.PP
\fBview\fP
  View project in interactive TUI board mode.
  See \fBtodopro project-view(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBview\fP command.
.PP
\fBshare\fP
  Manage project collaboration
  See \fBtodopro project-share(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshare\fP command.
