.TH "TODOPRO CONFIG" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro config Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro\-config \- Configuration — view, get, set, reset
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro config
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configuration — view, get, set, reset
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBview\fP
  View current configuration.
  See \fBtodopro config-view(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBview\fP command.
.PP
\fBget\fP
  Get a configuration value.
  See \fBtodopro config-get(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBget\fP command.
.PP
\fBset\fP
  Set a configuration value.
  See \fBtodopro config-set(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBset\fP command.
.PP
\fBreset\fP
  Reset configuration to defaults.
  See \fBtodopro config-reset(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreset\fP command.
.PP
\fBuse-context\fP
  Switch to a different context (environment).
  See \fBtodopro config-use-context(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBuse-context\fP command.
.PP
\fBcurrent-context\fP
  Show the current context.
  See \fBtodopro config-current-context(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcurrent-context\fP command.
.PP
\fBget-contexts\fP
  List all available contexts.
  See \fBtodopro config-get-contexts(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBget-contexts\fP command.
.PP
\fBset-context\fP
  Add or update a context.
  See \fBtodopro config-set-context(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBset-context\fP command.
.PP
\fBdelete-context\fP
  Delete a context.
  See \fBtodopro config-delete-context(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete-context\fP command.
