.TH "TODOPRO" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro \- A professional CLI for TodoPro task...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A professional CLI for TodoPro task management
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-install\-completion\fP
Install completion for the current shell.
.TP
\fB\-\-show\-completion\fP
Show completion for the current shell, to copy it or customize the installation.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBversion\fP
  Show version information
  See \fBtodopro-version(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBversion\fP command.
.PP
\fBupdate\fP
  Update TodoPro CLI to the latest version.
  See \fBtodopro-update(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBupdate\fP command.
.PP
\fBadd\fP
  Quick add a task using natural language.
  See \fBtodopro-add(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBadd\fP command.
.PP
\fBcomplete\fP
  Mark one or more tasks as completed.
  See \fBtodopro-complete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcomplete\fP command.
.PP
\fBreschedule\fP
  Reschedule a task or all overdue tasks to...
  See \fBtodopro-reschedule(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreschedule\fP command.
.PP
\fBedit\fP
  Edit a task interactively or via flags.
  See \fBtodopro-edit(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBedit\fP command.
.PP
\fBtoday\fP
  Show tasks for today (overdue + today's...
  See \fBtodopro-today(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtoday\fP command.
.PP
\fBreopen\fP
  Reopen a completed task.
  See \fBtodopro-reopen(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreopen\fP command.
.PP
\fBramble\fP
  Ramble — voice-to-tasks
  See \fBtodopro-ramble(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBramble\fP command.
.PP
\fBauth\fP
  Authentication — login, logout, signup
  See \fBtodopro-auth(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBauth\fP command.
.PP
\fBtask\fP
  Task operations — list, get, create, …
  See \fBtodopro-task(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtask\fP command.
.PP
\fBproject\fP
  Project operations — list, create, …
  See \fBtodopro-project(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBproject\fP command.
.PP
\fBsection\fP
  Section operations — list, create, reorder, …
  See \fBtodopro-section(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsection\fP command.
.PP
\fBlabel\fP
  Label operations — list, create, …
  See \fBtodopro-label(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlabel\fP command.
.PP
\fBcontext\fP
  Context operations — list, use, …
  See \fBtodopro-context(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcontext\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  Configuration — view, get, set, reset
  See \fBtodopro-config(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfig\fP command.
.PP
\fBfocus\fP
  Focus mode — Pomodoro timer
  See \fBtodopro-focus(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBfocus\fP command.
.PP
\fBgoals\fP
  Focus goals and progress tracking
  See \fBtodopro-goals(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBgoals\fP command.
.PP
\fBstats\fP
  Focus stats — today, week, month, …
  See \fBtodopro-stats(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstats\fP command.
.PP
\fBanalytics\fP
  Analytics — stats, streaks, export
  See \fBtodopro-analytics(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBanalytics\fP command.
.PP
\fBachievements\fP
  Achievements and gamification
  See \fBtodopro-achievements(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBachievements\fP command.
.PP
\fBsync\fP
  Sync — push, pull, status
  See \fBtodopro-sync(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsync\fP command.
.PP
\fBdata\fP
  Data — export and import
  See \fBtodopro-data(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdata\fP command.
.PP
\fBencryption\fP
  End-to-end encryption
  See \fBtodopro-encryption(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBencryption\fP command.
.PP
\fBtemplate\fP
  Task templates
  See \fBtodopro-template(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtemplate\fP command.
.PP
\fBgithub\fP
  GitHub Issues integration
  See \fBtodopro-github(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBgithub\fP command.
.PP
\fBimport\fP
  Import data — Todoist, JSON, …
  See \fBtodopro-import(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBimport\fP command.
.PP
\fBcalendar\fP
  Google Calendar integration
  See \fBtodopro-calendar(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcalendar\fP command.
