.TH "TODOPRO TASK" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro task Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro\-task \- Task operations — list, get, create, …
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro task
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Task operations — list, get, create, …
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List tasks.
  See \fBtodopro task-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBget\fP
  Get task details.
  See \fBtodopro task-get(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBget\fP command.
.PP
\fBcreate\fP
  Create a new task.
  See \fBtodopro task-create(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcreate\fP command.
.PP
\fBupdate\fP
  Update a task.
  See \fBtodopro task-update(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBupdate\fP command.
.PP
\fBdelete\fP
  Delete a task.
  See \fBtodopro task-delete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete\fP command.
.PP
\fBreopen\fP
  Reopen a completed task.
  See \fBtodopro task-reopen(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreopen\fP command.
.PP
\fBreschedule\fP
  Reschedule a task or all overdue tasks.
  See \fBtodopro task-reschedule(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreschedule\fP command.
.PP
\fBstart\fP
  Start a Pomodoro focus session on a task.
  See \fBtodopro task-start(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstart\fP command.
.PP
\fBstop\fP
  Stop the current focus session.
  See \fBtodopro task-stop(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstop\fP command.
.PP
\fBresume\fP
  Resume a paused focus session.
  See \fBtodopro task-resume(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBresume\fP command.
.PP
\fBstatus\fP
  Show current focus session status.
  See \fBtodopro task-status(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstatus\fP command.
.PP
\fBskip\fP
  Skip the current instance of a recurring...
  See \fBtodopro task-skip(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBskip\fP command.
.PP
\fBmigrate\fP
  Migrate all tasks from one project to...
  See \fBtodopro task-migrate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBmigrate\fP command.
.PP
\fBnext\fP
  Show the next most important task.
  See \fBtodopro task-next(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBnext\fP command.
.PP
\fBcomment\fP
  Manage task comments
  See \fBtodopro task-comment(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcomment\fP command.
.PP
\fBlink\fP
  Manage task dependencies
  See \fBtodopro task-link(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlink\fP command.
.PP
\fBapply\fP
  Apply saved filters
  See \fBtodopro task-apply(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBapply\fP command.
