.TH "TODOPRO CALENDAR" "1" "2026-02-27" "1.0.0" "todopro calendar Manual"
.SH NAME
todopro\-calendar \- Google Calendar integration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B todopro calendar
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Google Calendar integration
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBconnect\fP
  Connect Google Calendar account (browser...
  See \fBtodopro calendar-connect(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconnect\fP command.
.PP
\fBdisconnect\fP
  Disconnect Google Calendar account.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-disconnect(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdisconnect\fP command.
.PP
\fBstatus\fP
  Show Google Calendar connection status.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-status(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstatus\fP command.
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List Google Calendar resources.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBset\fP
  Set Google Calendar configuration (e.g.,...
  See \fBtodopro calendar-set(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBset\fP command.
.PP
\fBpush\fP
  Push tasks with due dates to Google Calendar.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-push(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpush\fP command.
.PP
\fBpull\fP
  Pull Google Calendar events as tasks.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-pull(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpull\fP command.
.PP
\fBsync\fP
  Two-way incremental sync with Google...
  See \fBtodopro calendar-sync(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsync\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfigure\fP
  Configure Google Calendar auto-sync rules.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-configure(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfigure\fP command.
.PP
\fBdescribe\fP
  Describe Google Calendar configuration.
  See \fBtodopro calendar-describe(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdescribe\fP command.
